Hahahaha
It's not that you don't want to marry me.
It's not still in my hands now
Are you happy to see me?
Yeah, hahahaha.
Sapphire, if you dare to touch me
The city guard won't let you go
Stinky bitch
Right now, he's still thinking about that bastard
I'll tell you what.
There are experts of my Qin family all around
As long as he dares to come, Zhang Shoucheng
He has to die
You slut
Dress so sexy
Are you trying to seduce me on purpose?
It's also good before Zhang Shoucheng came.
Let me taste it first
Hey hey let me go
You let me go
Stop Qin Yun
Let go of him hahaha
Zhang Shoucheng, do you really dare to come?
I'll tell you what.
I have cast a net here
You come and you die
Shucheng, hurry up
Leave me alone.
They
They are all disciples of the armed Daoist Master Guan Sun
How could they be with you?
Okay, Yali, what if you knew?
Sun Daochang was expelled because of you
Now it has nothing to do with the armed crown.
These people voluntarily disarmed and followed Sun Daochang
You provoked Daochang Sun
Just pissed them off
No, I didn't expect it.
A mere Sun Daochang
How could you turn up so much water?
Tianyu, let him go
I will spare you
Let him go. I lost so much because of you
When will this revenge not be avenged?
Zhang Shoucheng, give me a good look
How did I conquer your woman?
Hahahaha sister